Update style-guide.md (#3283)
mattermost/docs: source/developer/style-guide.md

# Mattermost Style Guide

Come join our [Contributors community channel](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/tickets) on our daily build server, where you can discuss questions with community members and the Mattermost core team. Join our [Developers channel](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers) for technical discussions and our [Integrations channel](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/integrations) for all integrations and plugins discussions.

1. [Go](#go)
2. [Javascript](#javascript)
3. [React-JSX](#react-jsx)

## Go

> All go code must follow the golang official [Style Guide](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html). In addition all code must be run though the official go formatter tool [gofmt](https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All go code must follow the golang official [Style Guide](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html). In addition, all code must be run though the official go formatter tool [gofmt](https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt/).
```

> All go code must follow the golang official [Style Guide](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html). In addition, all code must be run though the official go formatter tool [gofmt](https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All Go code must follow the Golang official [Style Guide](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html). In addition, all code must be run though the official Go formatter tool [gofmt](https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt/).
```

- Braces must be used on all blocks.
- Braces must start on the same line as the statement starting the block.

> - `Else` and `else if` must be on the same line as the `if` block closing brace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `else` and `else if` must be on the same line as the `if` block closing brace.
```
It's Javascript specific keyword.

## React-JSX

> Part of the build process is running ESLint. ESLint is the final authority on all style issues. PRs will not be accepted unless there are no errors running ESLint. The ESLint configuration file can be found in: [webapp/.eslintrc](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/.eslintrc.json).

Author: ```suggestion
Part of the build process is running ESLint. ESLint is the final authority on all style issues. PRs will only be accepted if there are no errors running ESLint. The ESLint configuration file can be found in: [webapp/.eslintrc](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/.eslintrc.json).
```

Reviewer: Agree,

Instructions on how to use ESLint with your favourite editor can be found here: [http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/integrations](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/integrations).

> You can run ESlint using the makefile by using `make check-style`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can run ESLint using the makefile by using `make check-style`.
```

The following is a subset of what ESLint checks for. ESLint is always the authority. 

### General

- Include only one React component per file.

> - Use class \<name\> extends React.Component over React.createClass unless you need mixins.

Author: ```suggestion
- Use class \<name\> extends `React.Component` over `React.createClass` unless you need mixins.
```

I'm unsure whether I've formatted this correctly or whether it should be "Use `class \<name\> extends React.Component`.

Reviewer 3: I'm not entirely sure, but your's looks correct. I wonder if the word `extends` is meant to be there

Author: I was also wondering that but am not familiar enough with the language to make the call. I've looked up the areas of expertise and perhaps @saturninoabril can help? :)

Reviewer 2: Yup, it should be there, actually starting with class.
```suggestion
- Use `class <Name> extends React.Component` over `React.createClass` unless you need mixins.
```
